Add visa policy (#971)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/people-ops/visa-sponsorship.md

> # Visa sponsorship policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# United States visa sponsorship policy
```

## Existing visas
If a candidate has an existing visa, we will accept a visa transfer from the former employer and sponsor the existing visa for the candidate so long as the visa is compatible with an all-remote work setting.

## New visas

> We will agree to sponsor new visas assuming the visa being applied for is compatible with an all-remote work setting and if the candidate is willing to stay on and work remotely if the visa is unable to be obtained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will agree to sponsor new visas assuming the visa being applied for is compatible with an all-remote work setting and if the candidate is willing to stay on and work from a non-U.S. country if the visa is unable to be obtained.
```
